Intacct ReadMe.md (#55)
KingdomFirst/RockBlocks: Intacct/ReadMe.md

    Debit Account: Account number to be used for the debit column. Required by Intacct.

    Class: The Intacct dimension for Class Id.

    Department: The Intacct dimension for Department Id.

    Location: The Intacct dimension for Location Id. Required if multi-entity enabled.

    Restriction: A custom Intacct dimension included for example purposes. See the Advanced Configuration section to learn how to add custom dimensions to a Rock Account. 
```

## Advanced Configuration

### **Adding Custom Dimension Example**

- Go to Admin Tools > System Settings > Entity Attributes
- In the filter options, set the Entity Type to Financial Account
- Add a new Attribute

![CustomDimension](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81330042/113315802-46e37a80-92d3-11eb-9c9c-c6c3b7fb2d3a.png)

```
    Name: Restriction
    
    Categories: Intacct Export
    
    Key: GLDIMRESTRICTION
    
    Field Type: Text
```

**Important Information about Your Custom Dimension**

- The Name is for internal (Rock) purposes only
- The Category has to be set to the Intacct Export category in order to be included in the API post

> - The Key is the actual Intacct specific name of the custom Dimension in all caps. Also, you'll notice that the core KFS Dimensions use the format `com.kfs.Intacct.CLASID`. The custom key can be anything you'd like, so long as there is a period before the Dimension name. For example, `org.mychurch.Intacct.MYCUSTOMDIM` is a valid Attribute Key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Key is the actual Intacct specific name of the custom Dimension in all caps. Also, you'll notice that the core KFS Dimensions use the format `rocks.kfs.Intacct.CLASSID`. The custom key can be anything you'd like, so long as there is a period before the Dimension name. For example, `org.mychurch.Intacct.MYCUSTOMDIM` is a valid Attribute Key.
```
